Marianne Lake (CFO):

Thank you, Operator. Good morning, everyone. I'm going to take you through the earnings presentation, which is available on our Web site. Please refer to the disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements, which is at the back of the presentation.

Starting on page 1, the firm reported net income of $4.9 billion and EPS of $1.19 and a return on tangible common equity of 11% on $23.6 billion of revenue for the quarter. Included in our results was total legal expense of $1.1 billion or approximately $1 billion after tax. In large part an incremental amount for FX. As we go through the presentation, I will call out other notable items.

For your reference, we've included the EPS impact of those here on the front page. In total, they contributed a net positive $0.12 to EPS. So adjusting for legal expense, as well as these items, gives net income of $5.5 billion and an EPS of $1.33 reflecting solid core performance.

I'm going to skip over page 2 and we're going to go straight to the full-year results on page 3. The firm reported record net income of nearly $22 billion and record EPS of $5.29 and a return on tangible common equity of 13% on nearly $98 billion of revenue. Excluding legal expense, which remains elevated, net income for the year was $24 billion and return on tangible common equity 14%.

You can see on the page at the bottom that adjusted expense was $58.4 billion, in line with guidance and down $650 million from the prior year despite the impact of incremental cost control, as well as continuing to invest in our businesses.

A final couple of points for the year, core loan growth was strong at 8% year-on-year and net capital distributions for the year were approximately $10 billion, including record dividends of $6 billion.

Turning to page 4, the firm's fully phased in advanced CET1 ratio was 10.1%, flat to last quarter with earnings and portfolio runoff offset by capital distributions and an increase in risk-weighted assets predominantly driven by higher counterparty credit risk.

In terms of 2015 outlook, we expect to add 50 basis points or more to this ratio. Similarly, the firm's fully phased in standardized ratio not on the page also remained flat at 10.5%. The firm's SLR was 5.6% and the bank's SLR improved to 5.9%. And given the recent FSB proposal, we've added our best estimate of TLAC at approximately 15%, excluding buffers, which will be refined as the rules are finalized.

Moving on to page 5 and before we move into each of the businesses, this quarter, we've changed the presentation of preferred dividends in our lines of business and show the impact here on the page. For the Company, preferred dividends were and continue to be below the line; however, we've historically allocated the cost of preferred stock to the businesses as a net interest expense or a contra revenue with a corresponding positive impact in corporate NII.

In order to have cleaner trends and better peer comparability, we're now presenting preferred dividends below the line for each of our LOBs, which is particularly important given recent increases in preferred issuance. You can see on the slide the change in methodology has no impact on firm-wide financials nor on LOB returns on equity. While LOB revenue, net income and overhead ratios improve, additionally the adjustment affects the contra revenue ratio in the CIB. So from here throughout this presentation and also in the supplement, all numbers in all periods consistently reflect this change.